added infra costing considerations (#3545)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/docs/self-host/deploy/hosting-costs.md

See [Hobby Deployment](hobby) for details on volumes.

## DigitalOcean

See [DigitalOcean Kubernetes pricing](https://www.digitalocean.com/pricing#kubernetes).

> At the time of writing the suggested default setup is as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At the time of writing the minimum configuration setup is as follows:
```

1. $40 for compute (2x smallest prod nodes)
1. $6.4 for storage (64Gi block storage)

> 1. $10 for load balancer (1x small LB)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. $10 for load balancer
```

Making the total \~$60 / month

## AWS

> At the time of writing the suggested default setup is as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At the time of writing the minimum configuration setup is as follows:
```

> 1. $70 for compute (2x m5.large). Note that reserved instances are about 40% cheaper if you can commit to a year.

Reviewer: I think $70 is a single `m5.large` with on-demand pricing. For similar spec as DO we could suggest 2x `t3.medium` (2 vCPU with 4GB memory) = $59.90

1. $6.4 for storage (64Gi block storage). Note that potentially you'll get charged for snapshots extra.
1. $20 for load balancer (18.25 + 0.008 / GB of data was processed)

Making the total around \~$100 per month for a minimum viable setup.

## Infrastructure costs at higher event volumes

How much will it cost to run PostHog at 1M / 10M / 100M / 1B events per month?

We often get asked to estimate the infrastructure costs at a given event volume, however in practice this is extremely difficult. This is because ballpark numbers depend many factors, such as: 

- Cloud provider pricing (most have usage discounts, so if you're already using other services, adding more is cheaper)
- Type of instance and setup used

A few examples should help to illustrate why:

- An installation running services on dedicated nodes will cost significantly more than one on non-dedicated hardware, etc.
- External (managed) services will cost significantly more than using self-hosted services, etc.

> - Running an installation at 90% CPU or on slow disks will result in very slow UI and response times, but it will cost way less than a fast installation with responsive UI. (You can set up [monitoring](https://github.com/PostHog/charts-clickhouse/blob/554ecd8ccb63098d77002051ecd6912de9f554d2/charts/posthog/Chart.yaml#L56-L60) in your PostHog install to monitor this)

Reviewer: I would probably link [this](https://posthog.com/docs/self-host/deploy/configuration) instead of the Helm chart source code.
